---
permalink: /compclub-2021
short: compclub-2021
title: compclub ctf 2021
time: 15 January 2021
layout: post
tags: meta
desc: I had the exciting opportunity to volunteer to help run a security workshop and write an accompanying CTF for high school students!
show-read-time: yes
---

I've been looking for the opportunity to do some form of high school outreach program for a while, so when CSESoc's (my uni's constituent society for computer science related degrees) CompClub decided to take applications for workshop developers, and saw the option for a security workshop, I knew I had to sign up. The following CTF was the result of my work with the help of a few fellow fantastic volunteers.

### La table des matières
- [Behind the scenes](#behind-the-scenes){: .page-anchor-offset}
- [Challenge constraints](#challenge-constraints){: .page-anchor-offset}
- [Challenges and solutions!](#challengs-and-solutions){: .page-anchor-offset}
    - [Crypto](#crypto){: .page-anchor-offset}
    - [OSINT](#osint){: .page-anchor-offset}
    - [Web](#web){: .page-anchor-offset}
    - [Forensics](#forensics){: .page-anchor-offset}
    - [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous){: .page-anchor-offset}
- [Conclusion](#conclusion){: .page-anchor-offset}

## Behind the scenes
While I've had the opportunity to write CTF challenges for [UNSW Security Society](https://unswsecurity.com) over the past year, and hope to write plenty more this year, this was the first time when I've been responsible for getting the CTF infrastructure up and running, and deploying challenges. If you're interested in how I did this, particularly if you're a CompClub workshop developer from the future and trying to figure out how to run a CTF, the README I wrote up in [this repo](https://github.com/abiramen/2021-compclub-summer-ctf){:target="_blank"} should help you out. 

## Challenge constraints
The CTFs I've written for in the past have ran for at least 4 hours, and at most 2 days. Writing a CTF with essentially a 2 hour time constraint was one of my main challenges. Another was catering to a variety of experience levels while remaining within the time limit. I also had to avoid OSINT challenges which involved trawling social media, since I couldn't make the assumption that all students had access to social media.

## Challenges and solutions
